*Use Z and X to use the levers and Spacebar to launch the ball.

I did enjoy making this game and am somewhat happy with how it turned out, but I just didn't have enough time to fully complete and polish it unfortunately since a lot of personal problems came up this past week that took a lot of time away. I would have liked to add better and more sounds and possibly some better game feel from things like particle effects or trails, but I think the camera shake I implemented does wonders to make things much better. Gameplay wise, I wanted to add a shampoo bottle and a shower head into the game, but I again ran out of time to finish those. Other than adding those two, I do like all of the objects I was able to implement into the game, the whole toilet sequence is quite satisfying sicne it requires hitting three different objects, and while it's simple, I like the effect of the duck/ball spiraling down the toilet. The toothpaste was a bit rushed and the animation doesn't look great when it's falling down to the toothbrush, but I think since the game moves so fast it's not that noticible. I think it's also not super clear that the toothpaste is hitting the toothbrush/flipper below and affecting how high the ball will go. I think the gravity wells work pretty well to direct the ball around the stage in a subtle way, and help out a lot to make the curved surfaces work. I also think I got the physics on the pinball working pretty well, it feels heavy and bouncy, and ends up getting super fast and hard to follow, which I think is in the spirit of pinball. Art wise I wish I would've added a background and graphics for the sides of the board, but I'm okay with the objects I drew, mainly the duck and the toothpaste I think look pretty good. I definitely learned that the level design when making a pinball game is quite hard, I found it very difficult to position things in a way that made sense, and had to end up lifting the general shape of the layout from Pokemon Pinball on the Game Boy. It was surprisingly hard to decide how big the board should be and how big each pathway should be, but I think I lucked into a board that works out alright.
